README.md, before:

# Device Tree for the Sony Xperia 10 II

The Sony Xperia 10 II (codenamed _"pdx201"_) is a mid-range smartphone from Sony. It was announced in February 2020 and released in May 2020.

## Device specifications

| Feature               | Specification                                                                 |
| :---------------------| :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Chipset               | Qualcomm SDM665 Snapdragon 665 (11 nm)                                        |
| CPU                   | Octa-core Kryo 260 (4x2.0 GHz Gold & 4x1.80 GHz Silver)                       |
| GPU                   | Adreno 610                                                                    |
| Memory                | 4 GB LPDDR4X RAM                                                              |
| Shipped OS            | Android 10.0                                                                  |
| Storage               | 64/128 GB eMMC 5.1                                                            |
| SIM                   | Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by)            |
| Battery               | 3600 mAh Li-Po (non-removable), 18W fast charge                               |
| Dimensions            | 157 x 69 x 8.2 mm (6.18 x 2.72 x 0.32 in)                                     |
| Display               | 6.0 inch, 1080 x 2520 (21:9 ratio) OLED                                       |
| Rear Camera           | 12MP (wide) / 8MP (telephoto) / 8MP (ultrawide)                               |
| Front Camera          | 8MP (wide)                                                                    |
| Sensors               | Fingerprint (side-mounted), accelerometer, proximity, compass                 |

## Device picture

![Xperia 10 II](https://cdn-files.kimovil.com/default/0004/29/thumb_328258_default_big.jpeg)

Commit message:

readme: added the X10 II addition to Sony Open Device program
Signed-off-by: Roberto A. Foglietta <roberto.foglietta@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Device Tree for the Sony Xperia 10 II

The Sony Xperia 10 II (codename `pdx201`) is a mid-range smartphone from Sony. It was announced in February 2020 and released in May 2020. It [has been added](https://developer.sony.com/posts/xperia-10-ii-added-to-sonys-open-devices-program/) into [Sony Open Device program](https://developerworld.wpp.developer.sony.com/open-source/aosp-on-xperia-open-devices) on June 2020.

## Device specifications

| Feature               | Specification                                                                 |
| :---------------------| :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Chipset               | Qualcomm SDM665 Snapdragon 665 (11 nm)                                        |
| CPU                   | Octa-core Kryo 260 (4x2.0 GHz Gold & 4x1.80 GHz Silver)                       |
| GPU                   | Adreno 610                                                                    |
| Memory                | 4 GB LPDDR4X RAM                                                              |
| Shipped OS            | Android 10.0                                                                  |
| Storage               | 64/128 GB eMMC 5.1                                                            |
| SIM                   | Single SIM (Nano-SIM) or Hybrid Dual SIM (Nano-SIM, dual stand-by)            |
| Battery               | 3600 mAh Li-Po (non-removable), 18W fast charge                               |
| Dimensions            | 157 x 69 x 8.2 mm (6.18 x 2.72 x 0.32 in)                                     |
| Display               | 6.0 inch, 1080 x 2520 (21:9 ratio) OLED                                       |
| Rear Camera           | 12MP (wide) / 8MP (telephoto) / 8MP (ultrawide)                               |
| Front Camera          | 8MP (wide)                                                                    |
| Sensors               | Fingerprint (side-mounted), accelerometer, proximity, compass                 |

## Device picture

![Xperia 10 II](https://cdn-files.kimovil.com/default/0004/29/thumb_328258_default_big.jpeg)
